Make QueryResponse objects actually into Astropy Tables rather than just converting themselves to one (#4789)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/guide/acquiring_data/fido.rst

    >>> result = Fido.search(a.Time('2012/3/4', '2012/3/6'), a.Instrument.lyra, a.Level.two) # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA

this returns an `~sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedResponse` object containing information on the results which fit the criteria specified by the attrs objects in the above call.
It does not download the files.
For instructions on how to download data using Fido, see :ref:`downloading_data`.

> To see a summary of results of our query, simple type the name of the variable set to the Fido search, in this case, result::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see a summary of the results of our query, simply type the name of the variable set to the Fido search, in this case, result::
```

    2012-03-04 00:00:00.000 2012-03-04 23:59:59.999     RHESSI ... RHESSI     NASA
    <BLANKLINE>
    3 Results from the VSOClient:
           Start Time               End Time        ...   Size        Info
                                                    ...  Mibyte
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ... -------- --------------
    2012-03-03 22:57:40.000 2012-03-04 00:33:20.000 ... -0.00098 RHESSI level-0
    2012-03-04 00:33:20.000 2012-03-04 01:45:40.000 ... -0.00098 RHESSI level-0
    2012-03-04 01:45:40.000 2012-03-04 02:09:00.000 ... -0.00098 RHESSI level-0
    <BLANKLINE>
    <BLANKLINE>

Working with Search Results
***************************

:meth:`Fido.search <sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedDownloaderFactory.search` can make multiple queries to multiple clients in one search.
This means that the results of a call to search can contain many sets of records, called responses, from many clients.
The results of a search are represented in a `~sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedResponse` object, which provides access to all the response tables and allows some operations to be performed on all the results at once.

> `~sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedResponse` acts both like a two dimensional array, where the first dimension is the response index and the second index is the row index, and a dictionary where you can index the responses by the name of the client.

Reviewer: I actually hadn't realized you could index the response as a dictionary - is there a simple way to do `res.keys()` or something to figure out what the names of the clients are (I mean I know the names are somewhat clear but for example, it indexes as `XRS` instead of `XRSClient`)

Author: The algorithm is everything before `Client` lower cased. I have added a `keys()` method which gives you the list of possible options. Do you think there is a need to make it more obvious than this as to what responses they correspond to?

Or, equivalently::

    >>> results["lyra"]  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
    <sunpy.net.dataretriever.client.QueryResponse object at ...>
           Start Time               End Time        Instrument ... Provider Level
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ---------- ... -------- -----
    2012-01-01 00:00:00.000 2012-01-01 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2
    2012-01-02 00:00:00.000 2012-01-02 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2

Normal slicing operations work as with any other Python sequence, e.g. ``results[1,::10]`` to access every tenth file in the result returned by the second client.

Note that the first (response) index is still necessary even if results are only found for a single client.
So in this case the first result would be ``results[0, 0]`` rather than ``results[0]`` (the latter would return all results from the first - and only - client and is therefore the same as ``results``).

Working with Response Tables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As we have seen above the `~sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedResponse` object contains many response tables which make up the search results.

> Each of these responses are `~sunpy.net.base_client.QueryResponseTable` objects, these are `astropy.table` objects which means you can interact with them an filter them like any other tabular data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the responses are `~sunpy.net.base_client.QueryResponseTable` objects, which are `astropy.table` objects meaning that you can interact with them and filter them like any other tabular data.
```

    2011-01-01 00:01:10.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:01:10.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:01:55.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
                        ...        ...                   ...              ...
    2011-01-01 00:07:10.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:07:55.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:07:55.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:07:55.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:08:40.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:08:40.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:08:40.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:09:25.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:09:25.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:09:25.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    Length = 42 rows
    <BLANKLINE>
    <BLANKLINE>

> To give an example of filtering post-search, let's only return the rows in the table which are line of sight magnetograms from or the 94Å passband from AIA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give an example of filtering post-search, let's only return the rows in the table which are line-of-sight magnetograms from HMI or the 94Å passband from AIA.
```

> You can always do this filtering with the `a.vso.Physobs` and `a.Wavelength` attrs in the search command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also always do this filtering with the `a.vso.Physobs` and `a.Wavelength` attrs in the search command.
```

                       ...        ...            ...       ...
   2011-01-01 00:08:02.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:08:14.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:08:26.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:08:38.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:08:50.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:09:02.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:09:14.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:09:26.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:09:38.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   2011-01-01 00:09:50.000        AIA   94.0 .. 94.0 intensity
   Length = 50 rows

These can then be passed to `Fido.fetch <sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedDownloaderFactory.fetch>`::

    >>> Fido.fetch(hmi_los, aia_94)  # doctest: +SKIP

.. warning::

   While you can reduce the number of columns and rows in the results, the
   ``fetch()`` method may need certain columns to be present to successfully
   download the files. It is therefore highly recommended that if you are
   planning on downloading data you do not slice out columns, but instead use

>    ``.show()`` to only display the ones you are interested in.

Reviewer: this is a bit unclear what you mean - what is the recommended thing to do to pass to `.fetch`?

Author: What I am trying to say here could be summarised as "don't slice out columns from the response, fetch might need them, if you want to view the table with less columns use `.show()`"

    >>> Fido.search(a.Time('2012/3/4', '2012/3/4 02:00'),
    ...             a.Instrument.lyra | a.Instrument.rhessi)  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
    <sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedResponse object at ...>
    Results from 3 Providers:
    <BLANKLINE>
    2 Results from the LYRAClient:
           Start Time               End Time        Instrument ... Provider Level
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ---------- ... -------- -----
    2012-03-04 00:00:00.000 2012-03-04 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2
    2012-03-04 00:00:00.000 2012-03-04 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     3
    <BLANKLINE>
    1 Results from the RHESSIClient:
           Start Time               End Time        Instrument ... Source Provider
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ---------- ... ------ --------
    2012-03-04 00:00:00.000 2012-03-04 23:59:59.999     RHESSI ... RHESSI     NASA
    <BLANKLINE>
    3 Results from the VSOClient:
           Start Time               End Time        ...   Size        Info
                                                    ...  Mibyte
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ... -------- --------------

>     2012-03-03 22:57:40.000 2012-03-04 00:33:20.000 ... -0.00098 RHESSI level-0

Reviewer 2: Why is the size negative?

Author: because that's what VSO sent us... :shrug:

    ----------------------- ----------------------- ---------- ... -------- -----
    2012-01-01 00:00:00.000 2012-01-01 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2
    2012-01-02 00:00:00.000 2012-01-02 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2

Or, equivalently::

    >>> results["lyra"]  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
    <sunpy.net.dataretriever.client.QueryResponse object at ...>
           Start Time               End Time        Instrument ... Provider Level
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ---------- ... -------- -----
    2012-01-01 00:00:00.000 2012-01-01 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2
    2012-01-02 00:00:00.000 2012-01-02 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2

Normal slicing operations work as with any other Python sequence, e.g. ``results[1,::10]`` to access every tenth file in the result returned by the second client.

Note that the first (response) index is still necessary even if results are only found for a single client.
So in this case the first result would be ``results[0, 0]`` rather than ``results[0]`` (the latter would return all results from the first - and only - client and is therefore the same as ``results``).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    2011-01-01 00:01:10.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:01:10.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:01:55.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
                        ...        ...                   ...              ...
    2011-01-01 00:07:10.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:07:55.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:07:55.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:07:55.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:08:40.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:08:40.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:08:40.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:09:25.000        HMI             intensity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:09:25.000        HMI    LOS_magnetic_field 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    2011-01-01 00:09:25.000        HMI          LOS_velocity 6173.0 .. 6174.0
    Length = 42 rows
    <BLANKLINE>
    <BLANKLINE>

> To give an example of filtering post-search, let's only return the rows in the table which are line of sight magnetograms from or the 94Å passband from AIA.

Reviewer 2: Å?

Author: Just because that's the units in the table so hopefully makes it a little easier to comprehend.

    Results from 3 Providers:
    <BLANKLINE>
    2 Results from the LYRAClient:
           Start Time               End Time        Instrument ... Provider Level
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ---------- ... -------- -----
    2012-03-04 00:00:00.000 2012-03-04 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     2
    2012-03-04 00:00:00.000 2012-03-04 23:59:59.999       LYRA ...      ESA     3
    <BLANKLINE>
    1 Results from the RHESSIClient:
           Start Time               End Time        Instrument ... Source Provider
    ----------------------- ----------------------- ---------- ... ------ --------
    2012-03-04 00:00:00.000 2012-03-04 23:59:59.999     RHESSI ... RHESSI     NASA
    <BLANKLINE>
    3 Results from the VSOClient:

>            Start Time       ...                       fileid

Author: this isn't right.
